Adding requirement of credits account for tracing data (#2088)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/http-source/otlp.md

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/otel-color.svg')} alt="Thumbnail icon" width="45"/>

An OTLP/HTTP Source is an endpoint for receiving OTLP-formatted Logs, Metrics, and Traces. This is an alternative option to installing an OpenTelemetry Collector for sending OTLP data to Sumo Logic.

## Tracing Prerequisites

> As indictated [here](/docs/apm/traces/quickstart.md#prerequisites) the following preprequisites apply before Sumo Logic can accept tracing data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As indicated [here](/docs/apm/traces/quickstart.md#prerequisites), the following prerequisites apply before Sumo Logic can accept tracing data:
```
